Scottsdale RV we're presenting a
one-owner tag axle coats a little body
pain absolutely loaded aqua hot really
nice coat the back corner we've got our
host batteries on slide out trays
let's get here to hair tag axle aluminum
wheels all the way around on the
Roadmaster chassis we've got a window on
it right here full length through art
power patio awning no rips or tears very
aqua button system and filtered water
system is all right in here
pastor storage or the slide-out tray
another little storage compartment right
here is all the way
diesel fuel fill on either side got a
propane tank ran all the way through
over the door on it
single electric snap
got thrown power heated mirrors from all
three parts of the here are power
the phone and fight in 10,000 won
slide over tray
832 hours on it right now
thank as well
we've got pass-through storage we've
also gotten inside the passive storage
in that apartment
Indian power cord
outside your outside shower your city
water bill hereby water curves a water
hookup your black tank flush there as
well the side radiator furnished
in a rear got the full-length monocle
mudflap your rear ladder mayor Cummins
diesel engine inside here we have your
10,000 pound itch and then all your
connectors right there well that wraps
up the outside let's head on inside and
check out the rest of this coach 2001
Monaco executive one owner coach two
slides tag axle really nice coach luxury
level coach so right up to the front
captains and co-captains areas you can
see we've got ultra leather captains and
co-captains chairs both power that power
foot rests on the coal captain's chair
up front we've got our air lock each Waj
leveling system control it's right down
there we've got our three our power
mirrors the bottom middle and top are
all power
we got our driver and passenger shades
adjustable pedals certain stop the Onan
10,000 want quiet diesel generator you
can also slide it in and out right there
we've got our engine brake switch
operates on high and low speed tag axle
switch lifts the tag axle up engine he
that runs off the aqua hot once again
Allison 6-speed transmission shifter got
all your cruise control and wiper
controls on the steering wheel backup
monitor over there am/fm CD radio up top
we've got the sharp LCD TV and then
right here we've got the DVD player as
well as the video control center as you
come around you get a nice little desk
feature right here solid surface
countertops we've got a euro chair with
a footstool I think this time we've got
that sofa sleeper couch freestanding
dinette solid surface countertops
throughout the coach convection
microwave recessed burner covers
removable sink covers sugar instant hot
system right here your aqua hot switches
are operated right there norcold four
door refrigerators have a built-in ice
maker got a large glass shower enclosure
with a skylight vanity station right
here private water closet it's got a
sink in in the water closet as well we
got our splendide washer/dryer combo
2,100 XC got a queen-size mattress in
here ceiling fan
soft touch vinyl ceiling throughout the
coach really nice feature plenty of
closet storage back here you can see a
large closet
that's a dresser drawer storage we've
got our sony bedroom TV solar battery
charger right here well that wraps up
our video tour this 2001 monaco
executive we hope you enjoyed it we hope
hear from you soon thanks